OSDOCS-17457 [NETOBSERV] Module short descriptions for observing-network-traffic.adoc (#104309)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/network-observability-packet-translation.adoc

[id="network-observability-packet-translation_{context}"]
= Working with endpoint translation (xlat)

[role="_abstract"]

> Enable endpoint translation (xlat) in the `FlowCollector` resource to enrich network flows with translated packet information, allowing you to identify the specific pods and objects serving service traffic through dedicated xlat columns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable endpoint translation (xlat) in the `FlowCollector` resource to enrich network flows with translated packet information. You can use this information to identify the specific pods and objects serving service traffic through dedicated xlat columns.
```
